Okay, so
okay so other gojiras which which is the  second favorite
of the movie.
Which Hollywood one did you like?
Yeah... I think King of Monsters the Godzilla was meaner
Yeah...Wait, the Kingdom Monsters? Basically...
The Godzilla was responding to all other kaiju or the monsters.
around the world.
Yeah...  Because he's a titan, right? He's a titan.
So he ...
He needs to let the other monsters know that I rule, not you, Palutene.
yeah so if everything everybody becomes subdivisive then he's okay
Okay.
Yeah...Well, which one other than Godzilla?
Which monster was your favorite?
been.
He came from know.. He's supposed to be came from the space, right?
you
He was in the ice frozen and then the humans decided to melt the ice.
And I...Who's the bad guy?
Hmmm.
So, okay, so what?
Hmm...
So he was... so that guy is the one that who...
I didn't know that part. Okay..So he was the one that who basically...
(***) Melt the ice and then let the king get out.
Yeah,
Okay, okay... so...
The king guitar was bigger.
But in the King Guido, I mean
Ghidorah came out too, but Mothra came out too, right?
But Masuda was to come and destroy Godzilla, right?
Masuda.... Really?
Hmmmmmmmm...
So Rodan is the one that came out of the volcano. Okay
They basically back up each other to defeat Godzilla.
So.. Among the monsters that fought against Godzilla,
Which one do you think was the strongest?
King  Ghidorah  but King Ghidorah thought...
It destroys
It killed Godzilla when Godzilla came back.
The human is the one who destroyed Godzilla?
Hmmmmmmmm...
King of Monsters? Godzilla dies once?
Ohhh....I see, I see.
Is that is that when the the guy who
went down to the bottom of the ocean to look for Godzilla
And then he actually...
Okay.
Okay.  Ohhhhh... I see..
He doesn't need air because he's a space monster.
But Godzilla doesn't know that.
Ohhhh...
Okay...okay so by Godzilla pulling the Ghidorah down
They thought that Ghidorah was going to die.
but the Godzilla and Ghidorah did not die.
Basically. So whatever the human was doing wasn't really working.
yeah he basically set the atomic bomb yeah
Yeah...
Yeah.. Thats true
So but they decided to do that because they thought
Godzilla was the only hope to destroy other monsters.
But Ghidorah was, you said, almost twice as big as Godzilla.
Because  of the neck right next kind of make
Really? Because he was twice as tall.
Okay, but it was taller.